#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
asgiref==3.4.1
    # via django
boto3==1.17.109
    # via django-storages
botocore==1.20.109
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cffi==1.14.5
    # via cryptography
click==8.0.1
    # via pip-tools
cryptography==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django==3.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-classy-tags
    #   django-cms
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filer
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-mptt
    #   django-polymorphic
    #   django-sekizai
    #   django-storages
    #   django-treebeard
    #   easy-thumbnails
django-apptemplates==1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-classy-tags==2.0.0
    # via
    #   django-cms
    #   django-sekizai
django-cms==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-attributes-field
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-googlemap
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-snippet
    #   djangocms-style
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   djangocms-transfer
    #   djangocms-video
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filer==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-googlemap
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-video
django-formtools==2.3
    # via django-cms
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via django-mptt
django-mptt==0.12.0
    # via django-filer
django-polymorphic==3.0.0
    # via django-filer
django-sekizai==2.0.0
    # via django-cms
django-storages[boto3]==1.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-treebeard==4.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cms
djangocms-admin-style==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-cms
djangocms-attributes-field==2.0.0
    # via
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
    #   djangocms-file
    #   djangocms-icon
    #   djangocms-link
    #   djangocms-picture
    #   djangocms-style
    #   djangocms-video
djangocms-bootstrap4==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-file==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-googlemap==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-icon==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-link==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-picture==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-snippet==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-style==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-text-ckeditor==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangocms-bootstrap4
djangocms-transfer==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangocms-video==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
easy-thumbnails==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-filer
    #   djangocms-picture
html5lib==1.1
    # via djangocms-text-ckeditor
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
pep517==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
pillow==8.3.1
    # via
    #   djangocms-text-ckeditor
    #   easy-thumbnails
pip-tools==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via botocore
python-dotenv==0.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
toml==0.10.2
    # via pep517
unidecode==1.1.2
    # via django-filer
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via botocore
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
werkzeug==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.36.2
    # via pip-tools

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
